[docs] Expo Router: add docs for missing API reference (#23355)
expo/expo: docs/pages/router/reference/redirects.mdx

---
title: Redirects
description: Learn how redirect URLs in Expo Router.
---

> You may want to redirect a request to a different URL based on some in-app criteria. Expo Router supports a number of different redirection patterns.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
You cn to redirect a request to a different URL based on some in-app criteria. Expo Router supports a number of different redirection patterns.
```
